hey guys what's up Preppers watching
coming through
um I'm stood here to make a quick video
I got a new wig and a new color
well it's already in a way cuz only so
basically you guys I am seriously in
love 4:21 trust the uber wigs and you
guys did my first one I had a you are
you 27
where was black up top and it was a
honey strawberry blonde at the bottom
then I fell in love so much that we're
two more so I'm gonna make two videos
just to show you guys the color
desperation to ever interested in the
wig and you want to know what the color
looks like so I wouldn't you rather
wonder what fact what would color that
are you're here powerful what is it you
guys I got the are b35 Webo what no you
see that are b35 this is over wig a
human hair quality is not 100% human
hair because it's one during my videos
not going to be long because I already
have a video about cuz already now in my
last video I realized that I didn't say
that they had a little baby here you
have a little baby hairs in the back of
the waiting but if you want to pull it
up I try to pull it up again I had some
money in my last video asked me how
would he look in the high but I tried
and it's for me it wasn't working you
know you can give it a try in my work
I'm not yeah it wasn't working for him
so I flipped it at that um so yeah
basically this color is like a bread its
bread because
yeah okay hold on it's red it's like it
got black like a little hint blacking
it's like a really bomb color now I
don't know if you got remember super
Felina and I had in the color red
she was really bright Ronald McDonald
red this is more subtle tone down Rick I
would say this is like a all brown color
but it has a lot of red anybody doesn't
have him black so it's like little
strips of black and I really I'm like
digging as we cover forward forever look
like she's gone calm now I did that I
wasn't going to buy any more weeks and
like colors like this because like they
don't last long and you know 30 bucks a
pendulum so that's one box - well I
bought two of these and I like this with
someone that I think I would always you
know happy in mine and my closet in my
way collection because his waiters been
work think the bank is full its trade I
mean in this belong I love my hair this
hair goes almost as fun but like for
real and I'm five - and she comes with a
comb I had a little comb in the front
and a comb in the back with adjustable
straps
she's bomb.com in this color
now you guys everything is not for
everybody so you know you can play it
safe I got this elevators calm you can
play a face and you know digital record
one view or two but I got our b35
so was a red with hints of black I was
not too bright but I'm telling it
definitely it will turn okay let's check
that okay back if I'm here by myself
and then push your mama honey Joshi
she's pretty hot um if you like her go
get her
I mean 30 bucks I feel like you can go
live you don't like her you know
cool it won't be a big event I might go
to somewhere outside it won't $300 for
wing or you go to the shop you're going
to pay like the Lisa hundred and
something bug future hair that get the
style no go put your $30 wing panel of
$1 shipping and call it a day
you know but other than that you got
express watching any questions comments
or whatever you believe at the bottom of
the box I was there for me you know
reply back don't forget to subscribe
other than I thought of the video when
you go to that side